Ouch hello
Mr. Li, oops
Long time no see!
I haven't seen this humble name for a long time
Today I finally got a chance to see the real face
Lord Qianshang was listed and returned
Choose the imperial capital to hold a triumphant banquet
This is for our imperial family
Great honor
We must see his true face
Right?
Be sure to be good today
Show off the strength of your family.
Shangguan Family Road
This is not the old lady from the Shangguan family
I heard that this time they have offended the official family to death
He's still coming
You don't know yet
The Shangguan family was divided
It is said that the second room offended the official family
The Shangguan family expelled the second room from the house
The rest have completely surrendered to the official family
After this?
There is no Shangguan family in the imperial capital at all
Hey, I have to take a good look at this lively
Mom, luckily we got the news in time
He defected to the official family
Although this situation has also been repeatedly attacked by officials
But after today, the official family will be as stable as Mount Tai
Can protect the Shangguan family
Thanks to you
If they were all like Linglong and her family
Our Shangguan family is over
After a hundred years
How to explain it to the old man below?
Mom, you can't say that.
Even if my second brother's family is not a climate
But as the eldest son
How could he ignore the Shangguan family?
Yeah, grandma, I'm not like that Shangguan Linglong
Only care about yourself and ignore family justice
Grandma was right to worry
This Shangguan Linglong is unreliable at all
Still you are sweet
I feel sorry for my wife and grandmother.
Shangguan Linglong
You deserve to be at the triumph banquet too